# Quizzer

AIM:
The aim of our website WAS to:
              1)allow Users to join the quiz once they enter the invitation code
              2)allow users must be able to form groups
              3)allow users to Make a leaderboard to see who is on the podium
              4)allow users to create a quiz or be generated by default from a question bank
              5)allow users to create Questions of any format, MCQs, SCQs, Puzzle
              6)allow quiz users to login/register to your application for creating the quiz.
              
PROGRESS

FRONTEND
    barath:HTML,CSS,GRIDLINES,FLEXBOX,JAVASCRIPT
    priyansh:CSS,ANIMATIONS,DESIGN,JAVASCRIPT
    
    
    a)HomePage
        *)We created a navbar for the homepage added icon to the left class and call and email to the right class
        *)we added a background to the whole body of the page and reduced the opacity of navbar
        *)we added a container for the the black box
        *)we added two modals and two modal containers for login  and sign up the model containers are set to pointer-events:none;the container is made using gridlines 
        giving it its responsiveness.
        *)A form is used to take input from inside the modal
     
     b)Afterlogin
        *)The page is made up of mainly 3 ggrid boxes which are further divided into grid boxes
        *)The navbar is located on the right side as a grid box
        *)The create quiz box and Join quiz box are inside two grid boxes
        *)The join quiz box takes in a input using a form the size of input has been changed
        
     c)Mcq template,fiilin,numerical
       *)The template is made up of 3 grid boxes the top box contains the animation for timer,the secind box contains the question
       *)The grid box for option have been split into 4 and we added a flex box inside the grid for the options of mcq to make 
         it responsive
       *)The grid boc for fillups and numerical just contain a box which takes in input through a form
       
      d)LeaderBoard
      *)we made a simple leaderboard with grid box and placed it in the center of the page
      
      e)add quiz
      *)The page contains a basic form in the white area
      *)The grey box contains the template for the question which is integrated with javascript to repeat on adding a question
      *)we added a drop down box for the user to select the type of question
      
  BACKEND:
      Yusuf: Django
      a) Login and Signup:
      1>In Home page, before authentication,login and sign-up options are provided to the user.When signing in, user enters his/her credential 
        and after verification of all the fields,user credentials are stored in the database.
        Future commit:To enable user to signin with google/channel i using OAuth 2.0 
        
       b)Create Quiz:After user is authenticated,we enabled 2 options i.e Create Quiz and Join Quiz in the navbar.
                    "Create quiz" redirects user to a form, where it fills the question attributes like type,marks,question-text etc.
                     There are 2 modals namely Quiz and Questions and quiz id is stored in Quiz. For a unique quiz id,separate class for questions
                     is created and questions (default numbering from 1) are stored there for future retrival.
                     The lobby/Quiz template url are connected with unique question id.
                     After completion of quiz making, the creater/teacher is provided with three options namely "Submit",
                     "generate code" and "start quiz"(used to redirect students from lobby to quiz template).
                     
       c)Join Quiz:User after clicking redirects to a modal with feild"Enter Code", if code matches , User is redirected to the lobby.
                   User can also attempt pre-build quiz on some of the listed topics by clicking "Practise".
                   
       d)Leaderbord(Future Commit):Every user details like 'marked correct' and 'time taken' are stored in db via django modals and 
                    calculations are made using a pre-build formula and according leaderboard is updated.
                    
       Many of the above stated fields are under devlopment and will be unabled through future commits.
                     
                    
       
      
